Peronist on behalf of Santa Fe because
before they lived from important ravignani
they lived in the return on holy faith
hitting the big kiosk being for
cannes
dragged by a laburo but for him
What I said to her is not bandages
rented in rosary and if things go
well if they do not go well to come back but not
sell the property because those of sant
apple had repaired what had
arranged they had put him pretty much
cute
I do not have property of my properties
I have the traveler's I have two
more properties I have offices in the
center and I have a house tip of the east
I have it here, I do not know, I do not, I'm not
bad economically to see if we are clear
and the one who holds the real home groans
labura because she has the slope of
that as he has two children he had to
meet the food quota of their
children because the judge told you when
she made the trial to him the judge told her
before , it seems right to us what you
it tells me that there is also a reality
in a couple of 50 and 50 if he puts 50
you have to put 50
and no longer worked in the middle with a spout
and I saw again I did not tell you anything
well I love you I married you I'll
bank but there is a reality that you
economically you have to bank 50
you have to do input 50
cent for all my son's children do not
occupy
I still told my wife to leave the
vineyard and let's go some of my
department I have a side the
shopping but last núñez I have one
I dont know
next to the cinema max I have another in
Beruti and Colonel Díaz
in front of
to the pharmacy of the apothecary
I have another bloat almost cock
all of three main rooms all large
and I said yes this is this wave
I kept throwing the balls they did not see the
East Point
in total this I have a 4